# Mapbox plugin for Cordova
This plugin has been made essentialy to add support for Offline Maps for Cordova project.

I am using this plugin for [Wizar](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.warfog.wizar.adventure.map)

# Support

## OS
Android for now, iOS in the future.

## Mapbox version
Mapbox Android 8

# Typescript support
This plugin is developed with Typescript and typing is splited between global scope module scope:

## Global scope
The global scope expose the `Mapbox: IMapbox` object. You can access it through the `window` object or directly by `Mapbox`.

## Module scope
All the internal type or methods arugments types are available from the module `cordova-plugin-mapbox`

## Typescript configuration
To access the types you will need to explicitly set the type folder roots. Get a look at the [demo](https://github.com/dagatsoin/cordova-plugin-mapbox-demo) if you want a working config.

```json
"typeRoots": ["./node_modules/@types", "./node_modules/cordova-plugin-mapbox"]
```

>  Refer to this [SO question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55659710/how-to-make-an-npm-module-with-globally-accessible-types/65196028#65196028) to know more about.

# Demo 
The main API functions are demoed in a cordova app here: https://github.com/dagatsoin/cordova-plugin-mapbox-demo

# API
> As this plugin is in development for years, the API does not reflect exactly the current Mapbox GL JS or the native API.
For example, `setZoom` is not animated (but `zoomBy` is).

API doc is generated by TypeDoc and available [here](doc/interfaces/mapbox.md)

# Contribution
I am seeking help for two main tasks:
- find a way to write test for the native code
- develop the iOS platform

If you want to help, please contact me through a PR, I have not write contribution guide yet.